
# Alexandria Trust
### By Marcellina (marcellina@alex-trust.org)
*Abstract: A description of a DAO to incentivize storing humanity's knowledge forever, with high fidelity.*

## Introduction and Motivation

Humans, especially while attempting to do philosophy and history, have always had a data-provenance problem. Throughout the years, people have edited works after the author's death before publication and significantly changed their ideas [nietzsche], distributed their own work as if it were that of someone more famous [platonic apocrypha], accidentally destroyed or failed to properly preserve important works [burning of library at alexandria, heraclitus fragments, server outages losing myspace data], or actively censored works (according to current transient moral fashion) so that they are lost forever. Having a complete and correct understanding of history and philosophy- to ensure we can learn from a complete and correct record of our mistakes- is essential to the forward progress of society. 

If we are going to consciously govern ourselves, as opposed to living as non-self-reflecting animals, and if we want to do an excellent job of it, we should ensure that the memory of our species has fidelity to actual events and things we have learned. In the past, oral traditions were easy to mutate to suit current needs and trends. The history of religions, and their changing and blending through the years, makes it very clear that memes will mutate [changes in platonism, greek cults]. Writing, and even more so the printing press, made it significantly more difficult to rewrite history, although it is still possible to remove books from the canon and have them lost from a tradition for at least centuries, until archaeologists stumble on them, if they ever are so lucky [see: gnosticism/nag hammadi versus heresiologists]. In the past 50 years, with the advent of the internet and digital storage media, although data storage has become much easier, data deletion, editing, and loss have also become much easier. Sites containing treasure troves of knowledge go down every day- bitrot and badly-maintained sites were endemic on the internet when people ran their own blogs, and people keeping content on Facebook/Google servers where the product/platform may cease to exist or the Facebook group might one day get deleted at the whim of an admin is just as bad. When social media platforms ban someone, unless their account was archived, anything stored there is gone forever. Wikipedia does censor and change content according to the priorities of editors but keeps edit logs that seem high-fidelity- are they guaranteed to remain that way? The Internet Archive removes books and webpages that disagree with its copyright policy or at the author's request, and they are lost forever. I've stumbled on this several times, when seeking out controversial works from any source possible, while doing personal research on modern censorship.

The existing canon of philosophy and historical work is extremely rich, but my estimate is that the vast majority of work like this has been lost forever. To me, this is a travesty. I love the ideas themselves and I see their loss as an insult to the people who spent their lives solving problems and being scribes to the events of their time. However, even for someone who doesn't anthropomorphize dead people and their writing, these facts should be extremely alarming. It's one (arguably unavoidable) thing to teach a biased perspective on history in schools. It's another to destroy all but the victor's perception of history, because this creates the circumstances for the conflict to reoccur. If you cannot understand why the holocaust, or gulags, or the Cambodian killing fields, or smallpox blankets, or slavery occurred, and your only theory of mind for the people who committed these atrocities is some vague metaphysical sense of "bad evil dirty rotten no-good monster", you will fail to prevent future atrocities because you will never recognize the way those people and movements will appear to you in real life- you will only have access to the sandpapered historical concept of them as seen by the victors. Without uncensored knowledge, we run the risk of becoming just like [these guys](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8JOpPNra4bw). 

The loss of philosophical knowledge is (to me) even harder to bear. Learning as a 22-year-old, after 18 years of schooling, that all of my decade-long existential and religious and political crises had been debated at great length for millenia and that I'd somehow not discovered it until so recently, was incredibly upsetting. What was even worse is realizing that so many people are in existential or political crisis due to their own lack of philosophical knowledge, and many of the answers are out there waiting to be read, but many more have probably been lost. It terrifies me for the future of democracy.

Some projects already exist to try and solve this problem. Wikipedia attempts to build a Diderot-style encyclopedia of human knowledge, but political vogue affects the presentation of the information- many people today hold beliefs that Wikipedia is extremely biased. Since the subject is the only one who can really decide whether their viewpoint has been adequately and fairly represented in a work, Wikipedia is therefore in reality biased. It tries to stay squarely within the Overton Window, and it mostly succeeds, but which projects will receive editing resources and have their edits accepted is a certainly political choice. The choice to include wording or resources strongly against a certain party or point of view without resources on the other side (even when they may not exist outside of social media comments, due to which groups do most of the thinkpiece-writing) is a bias and an incorrect portrayal of "knowledge" about a given topic. 

Internet Archive is seemingly better about censorship- they do a great job of making web history and digitized library books accessible, but I have in the past intentionally sought out controversial books and sites and found them taken down for copyright violations and backed up nowhere else. This is a loss of information. Even with the best of intentions, centrally-governed institutions should not be trusted to be the only backstop towards resisting a censor-happy ideology if the goal is preserving everything as accurately as possible.

Immutable, complete, permanent, and timestamped data storage is possible now due to the invention of the blockchain in 2008 and various interesting economic incentive structures that have come out of projects in that community. Projects like Arweave incentivize storage and accessibility forever, regardless of censorship as long as one person is willing to host-- although their assumptions about the future trends of storage price per gigabyte-hour might be overly optimistic. Filecoin and Sia provide increasingly-usable marketplaces for storing large amounts of data for given amounts of time, with various guarantees on retrieval and steep economic penalties for data loss. AWS S3 buckets, paired with oracle systems like Chainlink, allow a smart contract to either pay bounties to, or punish for data loss, someone who maintains a URL hosting a given version of some information. Proof-of-Work and Proof-of-Stake blockchains, asymmetric encryption, and hashing allow, for physical and economic proofs that given versions of files existed at a certain point in time and were endorsed by a given party. Financial markets (sometimes) allow us to mobilize human greed along productive paths, and distributed/permissionless financial markets lower the barriers for a person to participate in the market. DAOs allow various decentralized governance structures, like constitutions that are incredibly specific and difficult to violate without massive economic or computational losses, which could adequately free these information stores from the grasp of any given ideological group. Putting these pieces together could solve almost all of the problems I've mentioned concerning humanity's memory to the actual best of our ability as a species.

## Prior Work

This whitepaper will describe a novel incentive structure for implementation- at least at first- as a set of smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain. The purpose of the DAO will be to properly direct resources in an optimal strategy towards ensuring data provenance of files that people want to be stored, forever or at least until no humans exist who can store them. Projects that partially solve this include VitaDAO, LabDAO, opscientia, Internet Archive, Arweave, IPFS, and Filecoin. (TODO: go into the shortcomings of each that this solves, maybe research some more open science types?).

## Structure

The whole system will function as a set of contracts in one of three flexible role-categories: Client Vaults, Preservation DAOs, and Storage Fulfillment Markets. Clients will be entities who want some information to be durably stored and are willing to entrust money to their trusted choice of DAO in a `Vault` to make that happen. Preservation DAOs are responsible for using that money entrusted to them to preserve the files (and, therefore, their reputation for doing a trustworthy job). Finally, Storage Fulfillment Markets are where freelancers (people, other chains, smart contracts, companies, universities, Internet Archive) can claim bounties for proof of preservation of files.

The decomposable nature of these three parts will enable easy swapping-out of system components without sacrificing the entire system in the interest of long-term durability. For example, suppose there already exists a client `Vault` for the works of a given author entrusted to a DAO that focuses on digitally preserving data on distributed file storage networks. Still, another client is bearish about those networks' stability. In that case, they can create another fund entrusted to a DAO that focuses on securing underground microfiche storage arrangements or buying and preserving physical manuscripts. Open-sourcing all the contracts and documenting their usage will allow people to fork the subsystems. If the original DAO becomes ideologically controlled by some partisan group, it will be relatively simple for opposing partisans to fork the DAO and create a new opposing "constitution" for managing files. DAOs are an easy component to swap out because clients can donate to any vault, clients can create a vault for any DAO, any DAO can create programmatic conditions to claim a bounty, and anyone who fulfills those programmatic conditions can claim it.

The work done ensuing to this whitepaper will involve designing the interfaces between these contracts, creating a few example client bounties of a few kinds, and creating the first DAO with an incentive-aligned structure for certain kinds of preservation. Next, we will design the fulfillment-market bounty contracts, bring liquidity and clients into the system on both sides of the market, and find other parties that may want to fork our original contracts to act as DAOs (including torrent sites, archival website operators, university departments, extant charities in related areas). The sections below will illustrate how the three parts will work together, features the minimum viable product will include, and ideas for future additions.

### Client Vaults

Client Vault contracts are currently designed as a combination of two types of contracts- there will be a `Vault`, which provides a function that checks permissions (as designed by the vault creator) on anyone trying to withdraw funds, and also stores on-chain a description (or a reference to a description) of the intention for the Vault. There will also be an `AssetSubVault`, which has a denomination of deposit and a `Vault` address, and will store donations in the correct ERC20 denomination and check the `Vault` 's permissions by calling an `isEntrusted` function on the DAO address before allowing entities to withdraw funds.

#### Arbitrary Asset Donation
One exciting feature of this structure is that it allows arbitrary tokens to be contractually donated, which alludes to a potential future function of DAOs as wisely investing the assets entrusted to them to safeguard data even further into the future. Clients will ideally have a competitive range of DAOs competing for these `Vault`s and will surely prefer one with wise governance involving a safe investment charter for the assets. Hence, an NFT interface could be an easy and valuable addition, especially if property or physical objects ever end up with a sovereign-supported digitized property ownership system. 

#### Programmatic Approval
Programmatic approval for `Vault` withdrawals by DAO address using the `isEntrusted` function allows features like bequeathing to extremely-arbitrarily-defined sets of DAOs, which can allow a wide variety of complex behavior. For example, withdrawal for "DAOs with an ERC20 interface and a token trading on Uniswap above price X" would be easily exploited, but it is theoretically an entertaining thought! Programmatic approval would allow saying that your first choice is DAO A; if they don't pick it up by date X, DAO B becomes eligible, on down a list of charities. Allowing withdraws up to a computed limit or percentage based on identity or other factors might be another convenient and functional add here. 

It is also possible to implement timelocks with pro-social incentives or explicit contractual stipulations for pro-social behavior to receive the funds. We will discuss these potential features in a later section.

#### Scope of Vaults
Vault scope will be an arbitrary string stored in the `Vault` contract to contain a link to a statement of purpose for the funds inside. It could also potentially contain validation information for security purposes, like storing cryptographic signatures and a signing key or a hash to ensure the description is immutable. The reason this is not programmatic is that `Vault`s should be able to have broad and fuzzy scopes, like "preserving ancient Greek Papyrus fragments" or "post-structuralism" or "medieval alchemy". The idea of these fuzzy Vaults is that you can donate to a cause you care about preserving the information about, pick a reputable DAO, and then not worry about it anymore.

To be clear, they should also be able to have narrow scopes that are theoretically programmatically enforceable, like "this money is so that a specific mp4 file containing Shrek 2 with SHA256 hash as follows can be stored in perpetuity on IPFS", but that would be more appropriately enforced by a DAO whose programmatic charter and governance structure supports pinning certain files with certain hashes on IPFS.

#### Receipts
Theoretically, sending money to suitable vaults (i.e., vaults that only allow a 501c3 entity to control their funds for eligible purposes) could be interpreted as a tax-deductible donation. Hence, an easy and cryptographically-secure way to prove a donation to the IRS is a value-add. Unfortunately, someone besides me will have to give this one a shot in March. Fortunately, implementing this is easy, and there's more fun to be had with the idea of a "receipt token" as well.

Signed and mined transactions from the AssetSubVault contracts, plus a signature on identifying data from the same wallet, would serve as immutable proof of a donation at a specific time to a particular Vault, which could work as a receipt for a tax-deductible donation for tax purposes. 

Another idea, further away from the traditional government, might be to mint ERC20 receipt tokens or proof-of-donation NFTs. Other (on- and off-chain) protocols could choose to accept these as redemption tickets for invites to events, art, badges on a social media site, or other prizes, which would enable a charity drive on the blockchain. Another protocol could indirectly support a given Vault by offering higher yield/rewards for a given donation token's holders. Of course, this also means DAOs could provide donors with some role in the governance for efforts they've donated to, which would create a secondary market for donation receipt tokens/NFTs and could have some quirky repercussions.

#### Off-chain component
Smart contracts or off-chain services could handle features like deprecation of Vaults and listing all a vault's asset options, but the current design has them managed off-chain for gas and complexity reasons. As such, we will build an interface site like OpenSea or eBay to search and categorize Vaults and DAOs, maintain a usable interface for launching new Vaults for a given DAO, and discover/create AssetSubVaults for a particular Vault. This site could also integrate with an on-chain multisig notary account to check and display the nonprofit status of DAOs on the website, so clients can choose tax-deductible places to donate.

All off-chain components would integrate with Metamask to enable easy donation. These components could also have a utility for creating tax receipt PDFs from a given wallet's transaction history or host the front-end for some of the competitive-donation events mentioned above.

### DAO/Governance mechanism
DAOs can have substantial variety in implementation, as mentioned in various places around the whitepaper. This section will describe the structure of the first Alexandria Trust DAO before competitors. Some ideas for alternative DAOs to drive competition that could also leverage this infrastructure: better DAO structures (in terms of the constitution, policy, asset handling) for clients to entrust funds to, DAOs with other focus areas (like physical preservation as opposed to digital), or DAOs run by a multisig held by long-standing traditional preservation organizations (Oxford Library, Wikimedia Commons, archive.is, or Internet Archive could set up a DAO structured analogously or correspondingly to their current real-world structure and route some of their regular donation/preservation flows through this infrastructure). In other words, the initial design here will be the "main" DAO to start with, and it will have a profit mechanism for tokenholders. Still, my organization developing it will also aim to foster competition and bring other DAOs into the structure.

#### Initial Permissioned-voting DAO PoC
Alexandria Trust's DAO will start as a MolochDAO fork (as in, it will be permissioned to a list of people who can vote). It will be a functional and valuable proof-of-concept to demonstrate an example feature set and inspire more innovation. The people in the initial DAO can be employees who helped build it, investors, and interested open-source software/privacy people whose reputation is worth more to them than the currency in the vaults. To limit complexity, it will only accept USDC.  DAO members can vote to supply USDC that would otherwise sit in the treasury for some time to a low-risk stablecoin DeFi protocol to bear interest and avoid inflation. It will only accept Vaults that intend for decently well-defined and mostly pre-prepared sets of files to go onto digital storage media, like Filecoin, Arweave, Sia, S3 as verified by a Chainlink oracle, and IPFS pinning. Finally, it will create appropriately structured bounties as needed to incentivize people in fulfillment markets to upload the files as required and submit proofs of uploading.

#### Opening Token Governance
A short time after the MolochDAO-like structure (permissioned quorum voting) functions for the basic workflow of accepting Vaults, investing extras, and creating/paying bounties to people who preserve files, it will be time to launch a governance token and open up governance. The token will initially be distributed partially to investors and developers (distribution percentages TBD, but locked/vested for some time for safety), and the rest will be minted in a few batches through a mechanism like Solend's IDO launch, except it'll be iterated a few times to hand over power to the community slowly. The new governance structure will allow tokenholders to make decisions, with an option for the decisions to be vetoed by the original permissioned DAO members (now a board of trustees) within a specific freeze period between vote conclusion and decision implementation. The board of trustees in conjunction with tokenholders will also be able to mint and fair-launch tokens to inflate the currency, as well as burn token shares of dishonestly-behaving tokenholders with a majority vote, although, in a competitive environment, there will be strong incentives not to use these central bank powers too often.

Tokenholders will be eligible to vote for options on the site, and in exchange for their management duties, they take a cut from paid-out bounties that they voted on. Some examples of things to vote on might include: what's the minimum Vault size in USDC to accept for safekeeping? What sorts of file-preservation jobs are we willing to take? Are there ethical or subject-matter restrictions? How much do we pay bounty seekers to organize and store files? What do we consider sufficiently "permanent" storage at any given time, and how many replicas do we want to ensure the existence of at a time?

#### Incentive Modelling for Permanent File Preservation
Decisions made by governance will ideally hedge against and adapt to problems with any single storage solution- for example, Arweave promises storage forever but makes some questionable assumptions about how hard drive cost will change over time. Filecoin or Sia could have a bug that causes them to no longer provide strong crypto-economic incentives against data destruction or could stop being maintained and mined one day in the far future. Amazon S3 could randomly kill your account for ToS violations. Suppose the DAO can move money around to safeguard files across multiple systems with multiple replicas and adapt to future changes in the storage landscape. In that case, files are most likely to be safe and preserved indefinitely.

Clients donate money because they want the file collections benefitted by their Vaults saved for future generations. Therefore, DAOs will be under pressure to take only minimal cuts of donations for themselves while doing the best job possible to win clients' trust by doing a good job and maximizing income/preservation work entrusted to them. They will also be under pressure to manage their investments intelligently. A fully democratic and token-holder-governed DAO could be in a situation where it has a perverse incentive to exit-scam (vote to take however much money is in the vaults, distribute it to the token holders, destroy own reputation to obtain a sizeable one-time payment). This is why the board of trustees with veto powers hand-selected by people who have honest behavior in mind is necessary. Between the board of trustees, being allowed to take a cut for fund-management labor, competition allowing clients to take their donations elsewhere, the DAO is open to the public to manage day-to-day but should still be incentive-aligned with ensuring its files stick around forever.

#### Governance Notes
Some notes about potential fully-decentralized preservation DAO structures without the Board of Trustees are below; these have not been checked over or fleshed out. They might be sections of their own one day or might end up integrated into some design.

A way for clients to incentivize DAOs to continue to exist (and also to maintain their governance token value to avoid 51% attacks) would be to write a contract that entrusts locked theoretically inflation/future-proofed assets like WBTC in a vault that only allows a/some set of DAOs to unlock after 50 years have passed. The tokens must hold some value as long as BTC holds value because they would control some eventually-accessible BTC. They can also put some contractual stipulation on releasing the funds to a given DAO, like the approval of a notary contract run by an organization that they trust to continue existing in 50 years.

Another potential DAO governance mechanism: voting would have staking (and slashing of said stakes) for voting against some sizable majority. The voting ticket would be an NFT, and to acquire said NFT, you must be voted in by 2/3 of other voters and lock up a stake. There would be a mechanism to decrease the turnover of voters: you cannot sell your NFT and get your stake back within some given period of another person getting replaced, and you must find a replacement voter that's acceptable to the rest of the voting pool before you transfer your NFT. Then, the only way to recoup your lost potential profits from investing your stake elsewhere is voting and doing so honestly, at least until you're able to relinquish your NFT to someone considered honest. I believe this would be a future-proof DAO until 2/3 of the members decide they don't want to play the game anymore. Then I think it implodes.

### Fulfillment Markets
Fulfillment markets will be the part of the system where file storage occurs. DAOs will create bounty contracts, and third parties (including existing entities like universities, individuals looking to make money, and other protocols) will fill those bounties by preserving files in some way. Ideally, for any given file/collection of files, a DAO will maintain the files across multiple mediums and systems to guard against any single point of failure. DAOs can compete to have diverse file-preservation programs-- for example, a DAO might have the strategy of both replicating the file digitally and contracting with a university to have the files stored in its library. A DAO could also specialize in one specific kind of preservation. Regardless, the existence of open-source bounty contracts (self-contained and clonable mechanisms to pay people who are confirmed to have stored a file) will make DAO forking and innovation quick and easy. 

Alexandria Trust will make the first few Fulfillment Markets contracts and launch them on an easy-to-use website to attract people and companies who may want to make money by curating and uploading files to various services. The design of a few initial options is below.

#### Storage Chain integrations
The fastest and easiest option for storing files for specific amounts of time is to contractually validate their upload to a storage chain that includes some mechanism to penalize data loss. Arweave penalizes data loss statistically by making it easier to win blocks by storing a larger proportion of all data on the network, focusing on rarer data chunks, and intends for uploaded data to be prepaid for permanent storage- as in, they want to store files forever. Meanwhile, Filecoin and Sia slash if a node loses data it should have been keeping, and Storj is a distributed data store that seems to operate on the work and reputation of the people administering it. IPFS replicates data similarly to Storj but lacks a payment model or disincentives from losing data, and IPFS Pinning services have a similar loss-prevention model to Storj. 

All of these have their failure cases where the system could lose data. For example, all of the options are vulnerable to data loss bugs, Arweave is susceptible to hard drive price increases, Arweave/Filecoin/Sia are vulnerable to token price volatility, IPFS alone can lose your data in various cases without anything going wrong, and both IPFS Pinning services and Storj have centralized points of organizational failure or potential censorship that could lead to data loss. Fortunately, the failure cases seem mostly orthogonal because no one type of failure is highly likely to simultaneously cause unrecoverable data loss from all options. Of course, adding more physical options for storage is always better, but this is a pretty solid start! Therefore, building ways to validate storage and do smart-contractual bounty fulfillment on these various systems will be a solid basis for the execution side of a preservation DAO like Alexandria Trust.

The workflow of the usage of these bounty contracts would initially be that a bounty-fulfilling entity would lock up some amount of funds for a predetermined amount of time to "call dibs" on the bounty. Then, within that period, they can submit some proof (probably just having the bounty contract call a "check" function that validates some data from an oracle contract) that they stored a given file with the requested hash, along with whatever cryptographic evidence is necessary to prove their identity as having stored that file. Without the lockup period, there is a coordination problem where people duplicate storage work, but the first person who submits takes the entire bounty. 

On Filecoin, the work for this should be complete soon thanks to Textile's eth.storage project- the phase 2 option specifically allows DAOs to check the status on deals, and phase 1 may be an appropriate option for DAOs to submit storage deals with no intermediary. Other chains have fewer resources like this, but fortunately, Chainlink will be rolling out cross-chain oracle functionality in Q1 2022, and we have already discussed using this. For Sia, we have already submitted a grant for helping create an oracle bridge using Chainlink's cross-chain oracles to Eth reporting deals' statuses. We also plan to do the same thing (asking for a grant to build oracles in a few months) to Arweave. As far as IPFS pinning and Storj, we will be figuring out the details soon, but the design should look vaguely similar to the Sia/Arweave plans.

#### Independent Hosting
Upon reaching out to Chainlink, we also learned that it is probably possible to use existing Chainlink oracles to validate that a particular URL points to a specific file with a given hash. A bounty contract can be designed around this to incentivize someone to host a given file with some uptime SLAs for a given period. This contract would require a host to lock up a stake and then release its bounty to the host on some vesting schedule so long as the file continued to be up as reported by the oracle. If the host went down and got caught doing so during a check by the oracles, we could partially or entirely slash the stake and send the slashed money back to the DAO.

The Independent Hosting bounty looks somewhat similar to Sia's incentive structure. Still, it is worth mentioning as something to implement because it accepts incentives denominated in any currency. Also, the strictness of the SLAs can be tweaked to suit the DAO's needs by changing how closely the oracles are monitoring uptime, whether oracles check download latencies, the severity of slashing upon host downtime, and the vesting schedule. These optional incentive tweaks can cause the person fulfilling the bounty to choose to do something like use a high-availability RAID cluster or run geographically-separated backup clusters in nuke-proof bunkers if the slashable stake is large enough to decrease their risk tolerance sufficiently.

#### IRL Contracts for IRL Storage
Computers and other digital storage media are great, but they are easy to damage, and a few typos in the wrong place can lose gigabytes of data. Even with solid incentive structures and redundancies, humans can make mistakes, and DAOs can run out of money to pay the people running the computers. Therefore, in future development on Alexandria Trust and other DAOs like it, it will be helpful to consider attempting to preserve specific very-well-funded file collections on durable physical/legacy mediums in various physical locations. Contacts with university and government libraries will have resources for physically maintaining collections on tapes, microfiche, acid-free paper, or stone tablets (joking- or am I?). Some preservationists might do this for free for particular files, or might be employed by organizations running their own DAOs (potentially, university libraries or the Smithsonian). DAOs could hire preservationists directly or contractually advise on physical storage, or could procure climate-controlled bank vaults for long-term cold storage. DAOs offering a hedge for people who are incredibly paranoid about censorship might even have anonymous contacts who are willing to secretly bury safes filled with tape backups in caves for future generations' archaeologists to find, a la Nag Hammadi.

These options are not as easy to programmatically verify as simply checking some oracle-reported state and releasing funds. Therefore, for these real-world options, some combination of trusted organizations, notaries, and auditors will be necessary for DAOs to be sufficiently transparent about where their funds go for clients to trust them with their donations. However, this is a solved problem. It's just a question of looping in the right people and teaching them to use a friendly web3-enabled site.

## Business and Outreach Plan

The current state of business is hunting for funds, writing up details of the plan, and hiring. Besides me, I am working with a web/UI/UX engineer with solid management experience and an illustrator. I also have an advisor onboard who works at the Sia Foundation and who has offered to give me guidance and connections, and experienced blockchain-industry friends who are looking over and critiquing my work. After the whitepaper is finished and edited, we will design graphics, a website, and slides for a funding round, and then do a funding round- I have some connections for this from previous rounds I've done who I think can help us get pitch calls. After that, we'll consult with people from our VC to look over our smart contract structure, and hire devs to start setting up the Governance portion. We should also set up a Discord and Telegram to begin building a community and communicating with them, because besides tokenholders in our DAO we also want to build out the ecosystem- we need people to complete fulfillment bounties, people to donate to vaults, and people to build competing DAOs.

At some point we'll reach out to Protocol Labs, Arweave, and Sia Foundation directly to ask for grants and resources. Chainlink has already confirmed that they will have resources available to check other chains' state (and that they will be ready to use), as well as oracles to check whether a particular file is being served over HTTPS at a given URL, in Q1 2022- all of these resources will be vital for contractually validated bounty payouts. Reaching out to Internet Archive and Wikimedia Foundation about partnerships should probably happen later on once we're a little more established, and officially reaching out to universities and other traditional document-preservation institutions should wait until even later than that when we have everything fully functioning. 

I also will be spending time in the Special Collections section of the library and to certain professors in the history department at the school I am technically still attending, in order to talk to people who know more about the history of document preservation. I want to get their takes on how we should work with them, how crowdfunded payment plans could work to university preservation departments, and how things should be preserved non-digitally. If we want this to ensure certain files for 10,000 years, we absolutely must have physical redundancy in multiple locations- videos should be backed up to tapes, scanned books should be have physical climate-controlled copies living somewhere, pictures and newspapers should have microfiche collections, and digital materials should have tape backups in cold storage. This will necessitate having a DAO organization, and people on the fulfillment markets, that are familiar with these preservation practices, as well as knowledge from historians about how knowledge has been destroyed in or survived past catastrophes. We want to avert data loss by any mechanism- this means thinking about book-burning style events, physical decay, computer bugs that cause accidental deletion, or forgetting to maintain something that needs maintenance- so we need to know as much as possible about the problem and hedge against events like this as well as possible.
